It's a slobber, don't show you.
It's not delicious, I've never had this before.
I didn't realise he was so poor.
All that's so sad.
Ella, this is the project proposal for our big kai and winners.
There's a meeting tomorrow at Kings Cross. Get to it.
A meeting tomorrow and you're only giving it to me now.
If you can't do this job, you might as well quit and get home with your brother.
I'll definitely land the deal.
Good.
Finally done.
It's this. You work so hard, how much do you earn?
Two thousand.
Two thousand a day, that's not much.
Not two thousand a day, a month.
You kids have no concept of money.
Look, you bought me food, so I'm going to give you this.
So shiny. Kids toys are so realistic these days.
It does look a bit old.
It's from 1969.
1969?
That explains why it looks so old.
Now that I'm done, do you want to go buy a toy car?
Let's go.
That's good.